Events
======

This is a list of events (competitions, jams, etc.) that [Cat's Eye Technologies][] has participated in.

### Esoteric Awards 2001

*   year: 2001

Also known as "The Essies", it has an entry on the esowiki: [Esoteric Awards](http://esolangs.org/wiki/Esoteric%20Awards).

We entered [HUNTER][].

### Esoteric Awards 2002

*   year: 2002

We entered [GraNoLa/M][].

We also entered ['N-DCNC][] in an Essies, but I don't recall which year it was.

### Mini Game Compo 2009

*   year: 2009

We entered [Bubble Escape 2K][].  It won first place in its class (2K)!

### NaNoGenMo 2013

*   year: 2013

NaNoGenMo isn't really a competition; or rather, it is, but you are only
competing against yourself and the clock (or rather, the calendar.)
Here is [a list of completed entries for 2013](https://github.com/dariusk/NaNoGenMo/issues?q=is:open+is:issue+label:completed).

During NaNoGenMo 2013 we developed [The Swallows Engine][] and submitted
"The Swallows" series of novels:

*   [The Swallows][]
*   [The Swallows of Summer][]
*   [Swallows and Sorrows][]
*   [Dial 'S' for Swallows][]

All except the first were Completed.  (The first was a few words shy of 50,000 words.)

We also submitted [Nif][], which was Completed.

### NaNoGenMo 2014

*   year: 2014

Here is [a list of completed entries for 2014](https://github.com/dariusk/NaNoGenMo-2014/issues?q=is:open+is:issue+label:completed).

During NaNoGenMo 2014 we worked in the [NaNoGenLab][], which was an effort to do
one small experiment in procedural text generation per day in the month of November.
This was nominally successful, and the fruits of these experiments were turned into
a number of Completed novels at the end of the month:

*   [3×C(21,3)+2×C(215,2)=50000: The Novel][]
*   [A Rainy Sunday Afternoon][]
*   [Hope and Remembrance][]
*   [Threnody for Abraxas][]

For the unofficial "sub event" of "NaMoDiGenMo" — generate something in the theme Moby Dick —
we also submitted [Doby Mick][] (or, the Excessively Spoonerized Whale.)

### NaOpGenMo 2014

*   year: 2014

NaOpGenMo 2014 was a spin-off of NaNoGenMo 2014 where the participants were
to spend (the remainder of) the month of November generating a 2.5-hour-long opera.

We submitted [The Shortbread Rocketship][], which was Completed.

Here are [all operas generated for 2014](https://github.com/cpressey/NaOpGenMo/issues?q=is:open+is:issue+label:completed).

### AltGameJam 2015

*   year: 2015

We used this one-off game jam as an excuse to build [The New Gamerly Realism][].

### JS1K 2015 "Hype Train"

*   year: 2015

[JS1K](http://js1k.com/) is a yearly [Javascript][] golfing competition.
2015's theme was ["Hype Train"](http://js1k.com/2015-hypetrain/).

We submitted [Canvas Feedback 1K][], which was not a serious attempt at golfing
Javascript, but fun to enter regardless.

### RetroChallenge 2015/07

*   year: 2015

We submitted [SITU-SOL][], which was [declared the winner](http://www.wickensonline.co.uk/retrochallenge-2012sc/2015/08/08/rc201507-full-time-summary/)!

The blog we wrote while doing it was called [Bootstrap Zero](https://github.com/catseye/SITU-SOL/tree/master/doc/bootstrap-zero)
and it contains many scans of hand-written pieces of 6502 assembler code.

### NaNoGenMo 2015

*   year: 2015

Here is [a list of completed entries for 2015](https://github.com/dariusk/NaNoGenMo-2015/issues?q=is:open+is:issue+label:completed).

We submitted [A Time For Destiny][], which was Completed.  It was generated by [MARYSUE][].

- - - -

[Cat's Eye Technologies]: TBD
[HUNTER]: TBD
[GraNoLa/M]: TBD
['N-DCNC]: TBD
[Bubble Escape 2K]: TBD
[The Shortbread Rocketship]: TBD
[The Swallows Engine]: TBD
[The Swallows]: TBD
[The Swallows of Summer]: TBD
[Swallows and Sorrows]: TBD
[Dial 'S' for Swallows]: TBD
[Nif]: TBD
[Canvas Feedback 1K]: TBD
[SITU-SOL]: TBD
[A Time For Destiny]: TBD
[3×C(21,3)+2×C(215,2)=50000: The Novel]: TBD
[A Rainy Sunday Afternoon]: TBD
[Hope and Remembrance]: TBD
[Threnody for Abraxas]: TBD
[Doby Mick]: TBD
[The New Gamerly Realism]: TBD
